Yahoo! YAHOO! I did it! I won again! 
Yahoo! Ya-hoooooo! I did it! I won again! 
You amazed? You surprised? By the power of my Pokémon?! 
What do you think?! Hawesome, huh? My Pokémon and I are the strongest! 
Merci bien! 
What a match! I’m quite satisfied with the result.
I may be young, but that doesn’t mean I’ll lose—even to a grown-up. 
Yay! Yay! I won! My Pokémon and I are amazing, huh?! 
Hehe! Mehehehehe! See? It’s fun to win! 
I guess we can stop training for today. You learned some new things, right? 
Seriously, winning a serious battle is seriously the best!
A bit more color has been added to a page of my youthful memories... 
I can’t believe I won! Wait... Did you seriously go easy on me? 
Am I supposed to be all, like, “Yay!” when I win? It’s too late to get excited now. 
I...I’m sorry. I just wanted to show you my friends... 
Oh! I forgot to finish off our battle! I still need to study more... 
Heheh. Exactly as I planned... There’s no way I would lose. 
That was quite an experience. The data I got from you will help me grow stronger. 
That could have gone better, but I do thank you very much. 
Regardless of who wins or loses, we should thank each other after a battle. 
You see, playing with Pokémon is fun. I want to study Pokémon. 
Now do you understand the ability of someone who’s at the head of the class? 
Do you think Pokémon research projects need any test subjects? 
I guess the talent you’re born with really does decide battles... 
Oops, you weren’t as strong as I expected. Looks can be deceiving. 
I was able to throw my Poké Ball this time! It usually just rolls out of my hand... 
I will keep winning and winning and winning... I will be number one! 
I hate to say this, but if you can’t even beat me, the rest of the way is going to be really tough. 
Ah, I shoulda known. Hey, don’t blame me. 
Even an amateur like me can win! Experience is the best teacher, so they say.
Grumble, grumble... Huh? Did I win? 
It seems that my studies have paid off. Could this be my actual ability level? 
The class differences always tell. I’m worried about your future, kid. 
It’s not Rough Skin! Rain Dish, Rain Dish. 
Hmm. Have you been eating well? Can’t fight on an empty stomach! 
I may have said I had cash, but I haven’t said anything about giving you any! 
Unfortunately, you’ve lost to me. Now, give me your lunch money! 
It’s said that a Pokémon’s strength depends on its training. It’s not your fault. It can’t be helped. 
You see that? I’ll be fine as long as I listen to my mom.
It’s just as my father said... History is written by the winners. 
Such a looker lost to me?! I’m a little disappointed. 
I do what I want! I live how I please! That’s the way Daddy’s little girl rolls! 
Your taste in Pokémon is wonderful, but you are a disappointment as a Trainer.
So it seems victory has chosen me. 
Everybody paid more attention to me when I pretended to be rich. 
Fool! Oh no, there I go again... 
Ahahaha!!! 
Hey, we just got going! This is where it starts getting good! 
Little baby is a winna! Tank you! Tank you! 
You graciously allowed a win to someone so inexperienced that I still have my baby teeth. I thank you!
You lost to a Preschooler... And how old are you again?
Wahaha! Justice wins! I’m gonna exile you! 
I AM the hero! I beat a villain! 
Hey, don’t think bad of me, baby! You ran out of luck when you met me. 
Daddy gave me my Pokémon! They’ve gotta be the strongest! 
My Pokémon and I were the strongest. We took care of each and every one of you.
I’m so happy, I could c-cry! Yip-yip-yippeee! 
Um, that was what you call a battle, right? You lost, so now you have to be my servant! 
You didn’t pick on me. So I guess I like you! 
Huh? I went to the trouble of taking you down, but you didn’t explode like on TV!
Mmmm-hahaha! Yahoo! Yahoo! Thank you very much, Pokémon! 
Snicker snicker! 
I’m four years old! I did my best! Trainer, you were really weak. 
I beat the Champion, so I’m the new Champion! 
Lalalala... Lalalala... Drifting like clouds... 
Before I start searching for my real self... Where in the world are we here? 
My new wife and I are hitchhiking for our honeymoon, ’cause we have no money. 
I won again... My journey still isn’t over... 
See? Travel is best when you’re young and poor. 
Winning, losing—in the end, it’s all luck. But if it’s fun, isn’t that enough? 
My journey... No, my adventure of a lifetime hasn’t even begun yet! 
I’m not looking for a kid! Tell me where the hunky men are! 
Even if I lose, I can just jump in my time machine and go back to the past to try a battle again! 
This tour’s supposed to come with Pokémon battles, but it’s just making me tired!
Though the level of the Trainers in this region... Well, they’re nothing worth writing home about. 
Though the level of Trainers in this region... Well, they’re not worth writing home about. 
That was a nice and easy win. I’ll work hard again tomorrow! 
I did it again. I won... I’m going to be fired for not providing good-enough service... 
Everybody has a different dream. I just want to have a normal life. 
Hey... You lost, right? Give me food... Give it to me...
What do you think of my Pokémon? They’re fresh! 
We truly thank you for your patronage. Please do come again. 
Don’t be scared, or you will never win. 
Hohoho. Dat’s it, huh? Even the Champion ain’t nothin’ special. 
Order up! One humiliation in a Pokémon battle, over easy.
We’re competing to see who wins and who loses, so of course we have manners.
Yeah! Meow! I haz victory, meow! (I seriously want to quit this job.) 
Thank you! 
This victory proves my true love for Pokémon. 
I turn 44 this year, but I have no intention of going out into the world until I’ve gone around the world. 
What do you think about my dear Pokémon? Great, right?
My Pokémon could get hurt, so I can’t take them out here.
I am a branch manager of the Pokémon Fan Club—and I won! 
You don’t meet the prerequisites for admission. First, I recommend that you get stronger. 
I have devoted my life to Pokémon. I see things differently than you do. 
The most important thing in a marriage is having shared interests, after all. 
I’ll be a Pokémon in my next life. 
I wonder if I could become a Pokémon if I had a Trainer...
I’ve kept the honor of the Poké Fan alive. Hahaha! 
I think life’s OK as long as you get back more than you lose. 
Bwahaha! You’ll win, too, if you just up your calorie intake a bit! 
Ha ha! Now I can consume some more calories... 
A mountain maniac like me is properly called an alpinist.
You’re no good at all, I tell ya! Wanna hide away in the mountains with me? 
Dreams are important! Desires are important! 
I’m completely invincible! My legend begins here! 
No way... I’m actually pretty good! Or are you just a total amateur? 
I had no plan, but I won anyway! Maybe I shouldn’t overthink things! 
I won’t tell you how old I really am, but I can say I’m old enough to be your mother! 
Thank you, fairy... I was about to be in trouble...
A harmony of strength and cuteness... That’s what I’m all about! 
No, no, that won’t do, it won’t do at all. When I’m in trouble, I feel farther away from fairy tales. 
You see? My cuties teach me all kinds of good things.
...Go away. 
Heh. You can’t do battle if you’re afraid of losing. 
You’re too soft to face off against a bad guy! You’re making things harder on yourself. 
I only really feel at peace when I’m with Pokémon. 
Hey, hey! No crying! I’ve got no time for some kid’s tears!
The more I spike my hair, the stronger I am! 
When my hairstyle is looking really sharp, it gets me really fired up! 
A hard chick like me doesn’t need anybody else to fight! My Pokémon are all the backup I need! 
Your fickle tenderness is piercing my heart. 
Phew... You’ve got some good Pokémon on your side, all right. 
Victory is what makes battling worth it. What what?! I just dropped knowledge!
The gals of the Kalos region, like yeah... Ooh, ooh, ooh, we battle, ooh yeah... 
Yay! Thanks for going easy on me! 
Ouais! Where is the life? Where is the vigor? It would not even tempt a half-starved Skitty! 
Oh dear! You aren’t quite fresh enough, are you? Not even fit for a mess hall!
It...it...it’s all your fault for challenging me! Next time I’ll turn you into a tasty concasse! 
It...it...it’s all your fault for challenging me! Next time I’ll turn you into a tasty stew!
Ahhh, the Emperor of Eating is satiated! I polished off your Pokémon in no time! 
I’m glad I won, but I can’t move another inch... Somebody... Get me some food... 
Your defeat is another small step toward my dreams coming true! 
I don’t know what they mean, but people say I’m a diamond in the rough! 
Talent is not something that can be gained, and strength grows weak if it is not used.
Apparently, hard work will never let you down. Couldn’t it be enough to work kind of hard? 
What do you wish to do now? Shall I leave and relieve you of your shame?
I can’t remember what orders I gave... B-but I won!
How does it feel to lose? Obviously, I wouldn’t know.
That was beginner’s luck, if I do say so myself. 
No one but my master will ever make me bow! 
I deceived my master by saying I was running errands and came here to play. 
A strength equal to that of my master... I look forward to your future progress. 
It seems that your power is slightly insufficient to employ me. 
Oh, Master, where art thou?
O master, where art thou... Perhaps I should lower my standards... 
Wow! Seriously? I won a battle?! There’s no way I’m going back now! 
Pokémon are good at doing what they’re told. Me? I absolutely can’t stand being ordered around. 
Being popular is simple. I like life to be simple. 
Lonely guys are easy to be around. You never have to be yourself with them. 
You must be tired. Please do rest awhile. 
What? Are you through already? As an overlord, you’re totally not worth serving. 
I was overwhelmed by success. I took it for granted, and I didn’t work hard. 
All right! Victory is mine! Fortune is smiling on me!
I’ll do a sketch of you as you are now, frustrated by failure. Please hold still. 
Well, pull out a strand of your hair. I need it to make my paintbrush thicker again.
You need to feel it more! More! Or you’ll never win! 
I feel great! The best! Just like that! Listen to me worshipfully! 
Inaction doesn’t mean do nothing! Did you hug an Electrode with the Static Ability or something? 
Hunnh... Not bad... You’ve got a surreal side... 
Ah! My muse! She has not abandoned me! I can feel it coming—the inspiration I need! 
I thought I could make money if I just bought some paper and some paint...
Hee hee hee! That was quite the scrabble! Even if you weren’t very good, I still enjoyed it! 
Is that all you’ve got? Is that the sum total of the passion you have locked inside you?
How were my Pokémon? Powerful, weren’t they? 
My body and mind aren’t necessarily always in sync.
OK! We’re all done here! How were my partners? 
Gwahahaha! How about that?! Didja see that?! My partner’s rough and tough!
Ahhhhhhhhh! Yes, that hits the spot! This is why I can’t give up Pokémon. 
Even now, as long as I keep coming here, I’m missing out on other things. 
Aren’t I good for a guy who just battles during his lunch breaks? 
The Contest Spectacular is just superficial. It’s just not in my nature at all. 
No one can stop me now that I’m as fast as the wind itself! 
No matter how good I get on these Roller Skates, I still don’t feel like I’m any more popular with the ladies.
It’s like some sort of dream. Shall I embrace this, too, great roller spirits? 
That speed! It’s electrastic!
I would never just skate by in battle! Even if I am wearing Roller Skates! 
I would never just skate by in battle! Even if I am wearing Roller Skates! 
That’s right! If you only have a pair of Roller Skates, you can go anywhere! 
My Roller Skates have become like a part of my body now. 
Bwahahahah! My Pokémon’s ninja skills are without equal! 
I’ll bet that turned your hair white! 
What a shame. It looks like I’ve dulled my precious pruning shears on an ordinary weed. 
My specialty and my hobby are both cutting things! My favorite move with scissors is Guillotine! 
It seems like you don’t even understand how great your Pokémon could be. 
You haven’t drawn out the natural flavors of your Pokémon. 
We will meet again someday... Heh. If only that were true... 
Uh-oh! You’re OK, aren’t you? Sorry I flew into a rage!
I can own any Owners, after all. I can’t be defeated that easily. 
Hahaha! Thanks for the nourishment! That was a pretty tasty encounter! 
Victory is a shallow and fleeting illusion. Your eventual defeat is a fait accompli. 
What would my life have been like without Pokémon?
Let me guess... You spend a lot of time blaming adults for things you think aren’t “fair,” don’t you? 
I’ve become a cynical adult, so I even cheat during battles. 
If you want to make your dreams reality, then you have to be completely dedicated! 
Whatever your dream is, if you want to make it a reality, you have to do what it takes.
Enough already! I just want to go home! I miss my mother! 
All right! I’m on my way now! My battle begins here! 
Winning bells are ringing, winning bells are ringing. Ding ding dong! Ding ding dong! 
I really can’t take sleeping all huddled together with my coworkers in a big room.
A-and I’m on my honeymoon, you got that?! That’s the most important point to remember! 
I’m traveling alone, so it’s fun not needing to worry about anyone else... 
If you don’t work, you can’t shop till you drop! I work hard so I can waste my money like this! 
I mean, it costs money, so I wish the custom of giving souvenirs would go away.
A true Monsieur should bask in the elegant glow of his victory. 
Ha... Snicker snicker... I can’t...stop laughing... 
Hmm... As a Trainer, you are at the level of a Preschooler.
Taking it easy on me isn’t very good service! You have no idea how to entertain!
Woo-hoo! Take that! Were you knocked out by this Madame’s charm, or what?!
How was it? It was fun, right? I knew my technique would win out! 
Ah-roo-goo-lah! I was not confident of my skills, so this is a delightful surprise. 
You know how to make your way in the world. I think you’ll succeed in the future.
You should not get angry at your Pokémon, even if you lose a battle. 
Right? Pretty good Pokémon, huh? I’m suited to raising things. 
No matter how much you love your Pokémon, you still have to discipline them when they misbehave. 
Pokémon...are nice... They may be selfish, but they won’t betray you. 
This proves my Pokémon have accepted my love. 
This proves my Pokémon have accepted my love.
The real trick behind training good Pokémon is catching good Pokémon. 
The most fun part of this job is getting close to Pokémon.
Haha! What’d I tell ya? You’re not ready yet. 
If you’re already losing, maybe it’d be better to turn back now.
I want to be a real Ace like my mom and dad. 
I’m not prepared to lose, but I won easily anyway. 
Ah, you see? You didn’t focus on the battle. That’s why you lost. 
They’re easy to move in and cute. Anything but a miniskirt would be unbelievable, right?
Father... Mother... Did you see? I won a battle... I really won! 
I’m glad I trusted my instincts...
I can’t lose now... I don’t want to study anymore! 
I can learn a lot from Pokémon battles in this country. 
My dream is simply to be rich.
The reason I’m here battling like this is to try to grab my shot. 
How should we act and react? That is all that matters, isn’t it?
I suppose it could be said that my relationship with my Pokémon is satisfactory for the time being. 
You are too inefficient. You need to be more quick and responsive. 
If you waste all of your time, you’ll never grow as a Trainer.
The only thing I enjoy is a Pokémon battle... 
I just win all my Pokémon battles, too. I feel like my life is already over. 
Good-bye! You’ve been beaten by a Rich Boy! 
Now you understand, eh? Don’t be so impudent as to think you could defeat me!
Well, I only won by chance. Please don’t pay it any mind.
Gwahaha... I can’t get enough of the feeling of superiority when looking down on a loser... 
I’ve never done a day of work, because I’m loaded with cash.
Battles are way more exciting than any party. 
My Pokémon are the mightiest! I shall carve my name in history! 
My Pokémon and I ARE strong! Thank you, Dad! 
My big brother, look outside for once! I won for you! So come out and play! 
I’ll let my big brother know that this is a fun place. 
Bit of a Pokémon read and write, Trainer, many clinks! 
Ma! Pa! Were you watching? I was so strong! 
I don’t like Mom or Dad or their silly computers! All I need are Pokémon! 
I don’t like Mom or Dad or their silly tablets! All I need are Pokémon! 
Seeing Pokémon from all over the world is the purpose of my journey. 
Actually, this trip is just an excuse for me to keep running away from reality. 
It’s OK to bust your tail. But you need some breathing room, too. 
What’d you think of my Poké Ball collection? Pokémon don’t matter to me! 
Hmph! Looks like no tip is necessary. Then I guess this region isn’t all bad. 
Trainers keep attacking me... I shouldn’t have come to a place like this... 
That in the end, east or west, home is best. 
When I’m with the Pokémon I brought home from my travels, it brings back lovely memories of my trip. 
You only ever get one life to live. Are you doing what you want to do? 
I have a gluttonous Pokémon that’s destroying my budget. No joke! 
Oh... Don’t look at me like that. Smile! Smile! 
Yay! Pokémon battles are the best! Battles are what I live for!
What? Is it already over? We still have lots of time. 
Hey, wait! That was crazy fast! I guess we can go ahead and stop. 
You’re not that strong, so we don’t need you in our café. 
It feels like I’m going to waste my youth just going back and forth between here and my part-time job. 
If you join the Pokémon Fan Club, you’ll be strong, like me!
Soft! You’re too soft! You’ll never get into the Pokémon Fan Club like that! 
I love Pokémon... I love, love, love Pokémon! 
Tsk tsk. That wasn’t much of a showing. You’re not enough of a fan yet. 
The Poké Fan is power. 
It was a mistake to challenge me if you’re not that much of a fan. 
If I’d only known that when I was young, I wouldn’t be having such a hard time now...
Well, you helped me kill some time. I’m satisfied with that.
Yahoo! Yahooooo!! Hear my cry of triumph! 
A man who is loved by the mountains... Guilty as charged... 
Oh no! It’s over already? The Hiker hunk is bored!! 
Yay! The Hiker won! Love and gratitude to my Pokémon! ♪
I was born to do battle, ya hear?! I’m a darn tootin’ Trainer! I am! 
Apparently battles go better when you throw your Poké Ball in the right way. 
Fair play? What’re you talking about? Is that some kind of loser thing? 
All right! Can I be one, too? An Ace Trainer... 
Don’t you worry your silly widdle head! I’ll take away ALL your pain, mmkay? 
Talking is not my thing, and the battle’s over, so I’m going home. 
Shhh. Rest now and close your eyes... You won’t ever need open them again... 
My Fairy told me to do it! It’s all my Fairy’s fault! 
Humans should be gone from this world! I don’t like anything or anyone but Pokémon! 
I’ve decided to ignore reality. I’m a Fairy Tale Girl, after all.
I will go my way because I don’t have any other way. 
Whoa... I’m totally on edge... If that had gone on any longer, I would’ve cried! 
Thought you might make trouble for me, but what a wimpy attack! 
Does your face still look like that? You won’t be doing any winning like that. 
I wonder if my mom and dad will be sad if they see that I’ve become a Punk Guy. 
I battled my way through unfairly and dirtily! Thank you all so very much! 
Sniffle... Maybe it’s ’cause I’m so stupidly strong that no normal boys come near me...
Maybe it’s bad that I never give halfway strong guys a chance... 
This, that, and the other were like my thing, you know what I’m saying? 
This outfit is a hand-me-down from my mother that she wore when she was young. 
I’ll let you go this time. Get stronger, then come back and fight me again. 
Next time, I wanna battle person versus person, You’re just a kid, though, so I’ll let you off the hook. 
Mm-hmm! So fragrant! Such a bouquet! Let me get another whiff of victory! 
Did you think you could defeat mois? You’re softer than a bag of marshmallows! 
Mehehehehe... You fool! You know not your place! 
The only thoughts in my brain are culinary thoughts. 
You are what you eat, n’est-ce pas? And it seems you could use a pinch of ze winning. 
Ze bitterness and ze sourness, zey are also ze important parts of ze flavor, no? 
Thank goodness... In terms of strength, at least, you have little resemblance to my former master. 
Oh, this is so irritating! Why don’t you understand me?
Now, let’s see... If I accidentally beat my master... I know! I get on my knees and beg for forgiveness! 
All right! From now on I’m your boss. 
What a waste! If only I could beat those rich jerks I work for this nice and easy! 
Past a certain age, it’s time to hang up on being an Ace Trainer and move on. 
What? Are you broken already? 
You can’t lose yet! You have to entertain me more! 
Well, you’re not my master, so I guess you can’t help being weak. 
Oh no... I’m glad I won the battle, but I tore my uniform!
This is a uniform from an anime. Doesn’t it look good on me? 
Just wearing the fashions that I like gets me excited! 
I envy Pokémon, ’cause they’re so carefree. I want to be a Pokémon. 
I can have lazy battles like this, but I can’t hold down a square job. 
Nothing stirs the soul like Pokémon moves. 
Your overconfidence is your weakness. Wasn’t that an unexpected result for you?
A state of deep sorrow and confusion can also be art. 
And so I have produced another great work! 
I’d love to do a painting of you, you know. (Because I could sell it for a mint! Hah!) 
Your disappointed face pleases me. It stirs my creative impulses... 
Yes... I shall name this piece... “The Pitiful and Somehow Unsightly Youth.” 
Umm-hmmm... Thanks. If that’s all you got, then never mind. 
It’s like stealin’ candy from a baby! I’m livin’ the good life, all right! 
Oh! What a great expression you’re showing! Being crushed by defeat makes you more worth painting! 
I have trained my Pokémon well, and it’s ready to go to the job site. 
In the end, you have to go at your own pace. You can’t help but be influenced by others.
Only the winner! Yes, sir! Only the winner can celebrate! 
I tried to lose on purpose to make you feel good... This is no good. I’m definitely getting fired for this... 
I am well broken in. No snags slow down the smooth running of this machine! 
Oh no... I won... They’re gonna cut my pay... 
If you don’t know me, you’re bogus! Good-bye! The Worker is heading out. 
That wasn’t a bad attempt, but I warned you I’d be tough!
I won’t stop! Well, I can’t stop! Hey, that’s just the way I roll!
They’re really popular now, so everyone will shun me if I don’t at least look like I’m wearing Roller Skates. 
Tell me the truth... Roller skating isn’t even cool anymore, is it? 
Always slipping around is annoying! I’m ready to graduate from Roller Skates!
No Pokémon or Trainer can escape me on my speedy skates! 
When I stop and think about it, being dressed like this all the time makes me more of a comedian than an idol. 
What? You say that was over five seconds?! Time moves differently in my world, OK?!
Ahaha... How was it? I bet that made you dizzy. 
N-no! This is, uh...just a fluke! I really am a noob! 
The content of my training was good. I have to thank my teacher for this! 
I just can’t stop these blasted nosebleeds! Every time I get excited or nervous... Argh! 
Yes! Battling when in one’s best condition is one of the basics of being a Trainer!
See? What did I tell you? Are you ill or something? 
I just beat the Champion even though I don’t even have one Gym Badge... 
Hey, don’t sweat it... Sometimes you’ve just gotta learn to let it go. 
Soon I’ll be strong and respected enough that everyone will kneel before me!
Hey, it’s not like I chose for the battle to go this way, all right? Don’t go blaming me. 
After a battle, you have to care for your skin within seconds! You have to be careful, too!
Oh my, did you get too close? What are you, some kind of perfume fanatic? 
Huh? Did I win? Then we can’t escape! 
It is only right to be who and what you are. Do not fight it. Just leave yourself in fate’s hands. 
I’m a Gardener, but maybe I’ll try to become the Champion.
La, la, oomph! Now where shall I start pruning, eh? Snippety-snip! 
Whoa! I’m in a Sunny Day kind of mood!! 
What a pushover you were! That was a piece of cake, my little cream puff! 
Ahaha! Cry! That’s it, cry for me! With that, this dish is complete! 
My oh my! My Pokémon knocked it out of the park! 
Tee hee... I won because I’m a grown-up! 
Here, here! Take my camera, and get a shot of me looking awesome after beating you in battle! 
Grip and rip, baby! I’m going to keep shooting even if I’m using up all my film! 
Everything is about what SHE wants to do... Exactly what part of this is “our” honeymoon, huh? 
All the other people on this tour are old. There’s no way I’ll find anyone. 
Yes, a man must take at least one great journey! Even if my $1 flight ended up costing me $400... 
I made some wonderful memories. Thank you very much, local boy/girl. 
Indeed! This is my moment of takeoff! I’m taking off from you! Eat my dust! 
I’m sleepy... So sleepy... 
Hiding any unpleasant details of my past... Ain’t I just the picture of a perfect wife? 
My ex-boyfriend gave me all my Pokémon. I’d feel bad if I let them go after all this time.
A win for the love between me and my darling... It will burn forever! 
Marvelous! Fantastic! This feels like a dream! This is paradise for Trainers! 
Pokémon will be strong or weak depending on how you raise them. 
How about that? Strong, huh? What you eat is important!
You’ll be perfect if you buy my book of Pokémon training tips.
I give each one two full days of cherishing, and then it’s on to the next! 
Well done, brothers and sisters! Our family solidarity is invincible! 
I’m so talented that I can win just to change my mood. 
I’m good at battling, but I don’t enjoy it very much. 
When I win a battle, my mind goes blank. It’s really worrying.
You see, you cannot win, because you are very weak.
Even in victory, it is auspicious to remain nonchalant, humble, and subdued. 
I’m old but still going strong! I can take care of myself! 
Hohoho... Is this what they call the wisdom of age? 
If I’d had a child like you, my golden years would have been carefree... 
When I got older I realized how lovely it is to be alone.
The first flush of youth... It is too bright for me... 
I feel so satisfied when I defeat a child! It feels like I’ve regained my own youth! 
The kinds of fashion you can pull off have a pesky expiration date. We call it “age.” 
You had better think about your age when picking out clothes, right? 
Excuse me! Would you keep your distance! What if you got my precious kimono dirty?! 
Our uniforms are furisode, so I get embarrassed when I have to go outside to pick something up. 
How’s that? Owned, suckah!
How’s that? Owned, sucka!
Take that! My Pokémon have never even heard of words like sedate! 
See... Look at this glossy coat. I’m slobbering in spite of myself. 
I am a genius. I will control the future of the world! 
I am a genius. I was supposed to take control of the world...
It’s not bad to devote my whole life to research, is it? 
The loneliness of genius... There’s no way you could possibly comprehend it. 
Mwahahaha... Yes, I did it! The experiment was a huge success. 
Beakers... Petri dishes... Pipettes... Electron microscope... 
Well, it is only the natural outcome. The power of science is awesome. 
This result was inevitable. Victory is simply derived. 
Mwahahaha! You lost! Now step right this way, Subject A...
You haven’t studied enough, but you have potential. I could train you, if you’d like... 
Even if you win, you will hurt your opponent’s feelings. 
It’s that I am a very strong Trainer! 
Fooooo! 
Now you’re under my spell. You’re like a puppet under my command. 
Trainers who treat battles as a sport are the height of vileness. 
You’re not well enough prepared yet. 
Heh-heh-heh. From today on, you are already a Pokémon!
You... Are you so weak as to reverse my prophecy? 
New age simply refers to twentieth century classical composers, right? 
Don’t get hung up on sadness or frustration. You can use your grudges to motivate yourself. 
That was some kind of loss. Was there some sort of trap?!
You! Why did you lose? Again? You’re trying to fool me again, aren’t you?! 
Now you’ve been dragged down, too. I think we could become friends now. 
Kind people are scary... Their smiling faces and boisterousness are scary...
Haha... I probably did not have to use my strongest kick on you. 
You didn’t decide quickly enough, so you got a little from column A and a little from column B. 
’Sup! That’s enough, friend! You gotta value your life, yo!
Being tired from battle with disheveled clothing... It’s cool! Isn’t it actually the coolest?
Yo! Yo! Yo! 
Yo! Yo! Yo! 
Come. Sleep quietly in my arms... 
How about it? We’re awesome, right? You were able to explode, weren’t you?
Well, well... You’re not even in my league. This is like bullying. 
To me, etiquette is mercilessly defeating my opponents in battle—even the weak. 
Pokémon battles are not enough of a challenge. I want it to be personal! 
Don’t look so down! ♪ I just happened to get lucky! ♪ 
Trainer, you are at my mercy!
Reflect long and hard on what “serious” means. 
I won the battle. But victory is nothing compared to the vastness of nature... 
I’m sure how you feel is not so bad if you compare it to my anxiety attacks... 
Do you have a nice small hometown? If so, you should go back and visit there. 
You don’t go visit your hometown, do you? City life must be nice. 
If villains disturb the natural order, I will put them in jail! 
Being surrounded by nature seems good for your health and your looks, doesn’t it?
Please donate money for a rich, healthy environment and for the sake of Pokémon. 
Everything has its origin in nature! Everyone should revere it! 
Ah. You still have much to learn. Let me give you a crash course! 
Ahaha! Not yet! I’m not done yet! 
I am devoting my body and soul to Pokémon battles! 
All within my expectations... Nothing to be surprised about... 
You’re a strong Trainer, so I think I was just lucky this time.
Hmmph... To challenge me must mean that even ignorance has its limit! 
People can become strong if they have clear goals. That’s just the way it goes. 
I’m just good at battling. I don’t even have a job. I’m just another unemployed guy.
The main character of the story is me! You are just an extra! 
I thought I’d grow up to be a frail woman who looked like she’d break if you squeezed her too hard. 
We cannot believe we spent time on such a childish battle! Leave at once! 
This result... is not what I’d hoped for... 
However hard they battle, they won’t be satisfied. That is a real Trainer, isn’t it? 
Of course I’m strong and don’t lose. It’s important that I win gracefully. 
It was a waste of time, much as I suspected. You should consider starting over from zero. 
Terrible! You’re extremely unprepared! Come back when you’ve learned how to throw a Poké Ball! 
I’m so stylish, I hypnotize myself! You’d better keep your distance! 
I know, I know, you can’t help but be fascinated by such a pinnacle of hunkiness. 
You really are an amateur. No sweat. (Whew... That was a little too close!) 
Catching Poké Balls before they open is a surefire way to win that I devised. 
I lied when I said I didn’t feel well! Veterans will do anything to win! 
Umm, is my daughter watching? I did it! Daddy did it!
How were the Veteran’s Pokémon? Defeat tastes quite bitter, doesn’t it? 
It only makes me angry when people compliment me by saying I’m a Veteran. Don’t you get it? 
You are just too, too cute. You are! I want to see you again. I’ll be waiting! 
Oh... Trainer... Isn’t it time...for a battle? 
You’re not bad, but you’re immature. Come back when you’ve learned a bit. 
If you hurry up and grow up, you can have more fun, too.
I’m not finished with love or Pokémon! I’ll stay fit and ready for both all my life! 
Veteran... Makes it sound like I’m finished, for some reason.
Hahaha! I am as big as my backpack, aren’t I? Aren’t I?
If I can just live here and play all day, I’ll never need to struggle. 
You’re carrying bulky luggage, but do you really need it all?
What makes this place a resort? There’s nothing but serious Trainers here! 
Oh! Bother and vexation! This is just too much! I can’t stand how good it feels to win all the time! 
This is it... I’m fully enjoying this trip. 
This buzz after battle is the best! It’s like I just closed a big deal! 
Not yet. We have not crossed the finish line of Pokémon battles. 
How about that? I’m proud of my Pokémon. 
I knew it... My theory was correct. 
On my days off, the real me can appear! Yes, I am an Ace Trainer! 
I feel like the world is waiting for me... You know how I feel, right? 
Did you think you could beat me with such wimpy Pokémon? 
Did you think I would be satisfied with such tiny Pokémon? 
I wonder if people will order a full-course meal for Pokémon.
Oh, I feel refreshed! There’s nothing like a good battle to perk you up! 
Harooo! 
Time for a battle haiku! I knew I would win. Yes, my Pokémon and I are really this strong.
Hahaha! I am the summit, and the road to reach me is still very steep! 
Even if you run into me disastrously, there’s no rescue team on its way! 
The dazzling romance of battle will make you grow into a real adult... 
So what if you lose? It’s not like there’s any money in winning. 
Take that, evildoer! I am the pretty soldier of “Prettiness and Pokémon”! 
My view is that whether or not your prayers get answered all depends on your own talents!
Healing sites are nice, too, but they can’t hold a candle to haunted sites! 
Terrible! You aren’t holding enough grudges! If you want to win, put more into your curses!
I’m super popular with ghosts, but we have very ethereal relationships. 
Think positive even when you lose? Sounds to me like refusing to admit your mistakes. 
Nobody scolds me. That’s why Pokémon battles are the best!
What are you doing? You made that worthless! Totally worthless! 
I won, but I was so scared... Maybe I’m not cut out for this.
Har har har! You were scared of me! My new look is a big success! 
My bad, my bad! Little too much for ya, huh? But there’s no pullin’ punches in a fight, amirite? 
I have to spoil my Pokémon to say thanks for winning. 
Sucks, don’t it? If you don’t like that feeling, you better be ready to do anything to win! 
My parents totally spoil me when I win, so I get pretty full of myself. I mean, wouldn’t you? 
So? It was delicious, right?! Have some more then! MORE!
It takes money to open your own restaurant. That’s why I do all these little part-time jobs. 
Yum-yummm, you all look delicious... Bagon appetite! 
I’ve got no time at all for expensive dishes. Food from the corner store is really good.
I don’t know if they thought I was a Butler or a robot... 
If I had known it was going to turn out like this, I wouldn’t have run away from the mansion! 
Outstanding! From this day, you may call me “Master”! 
See this smile? It comes from knowing my employers’ secrets. 
From now on, I am your employer. 
Thank you so much for losing! My employer is sitting over there smiling! 
I still feel kind of blah. I’m all achy... 
I could never serve you. You’re too weak for me to even consider it. 
I am a loyal servant to beauty. Ugly defeat does not suit me.
You’re always short on time during battle. Just like life!
The sting of defeat will become a good memory when you grow older. 
I am overcome by the reverberations of victory. A toast to our companions in their Poké Balls! 
What? You’re done already? No, I’ll have none of that! 
People shouldn’t trust their eyes to judge things. 
Who needs a gallery, huh?! The streets are my art show!
I think it’s a crime for someone with no taste to make a work for public display. 
You, keep trying. Master the basics. 
Leaving already? I had just made some tea, though. 
I have won. 
I may have won this time, but I wonder how many more times I’ll be able to throw a Poké Ball... 
Pokémon battles are so much fun. There’s no way I can quit!
Now there ain’t nobody buggin’ me about stuff, so’s I can battle as much as I want!
Only Pokémon rescue me from boring and monotonous days. 
This is still just playing. Just playing. You have to feel as comfortable as that. 
By putting yourself into a corner, you draw out your full potential! 
Hahaha... It just feels so good... I want to keep on skating like this forever... 
Don’t get mad over something like this. There are things in the world more worthy of anger. 
Aww... If only you could have saved some strength for the last spurt of effort... 
I want to melt right into that blurry scenery that you can only see when going so fast.
Roller Skates are expensive, and then you have to deal with the maintenance. It’s tough.
I’m fast! I’m strong! I’m lovely! Nothing less for the Cannon Girl! 
You can’t catch me with a feeble set of muscles like that!
Well, aren’t you quite pathetic? This is what happens when you can select an opponent.
It took a while before I learned my place. 
The battle is just the means. Victory is always the goal. 
You did better than I thought. You’ve got quite a bit of potential. 
C’mon, prey! You’ve gotta struggle a bit more, or it’s not any fun for me! 
As long as there are Trainers, the banquet will continue for all eternity. 
Your Pokémon seem to be lacking a wee bit in the power department, friend. 
Life is just a series of happenings, one after the next. Can you keep up? 
Your battling was bland, I’m afraid. What did you expect to happen when you’re so unseasoned? 
In cooking and battling, just go for it and don’t sweat the small stuff. 
You expect too much of something famous, and you just end up disappointed by reality. 
Slurp... This is so tasty... Bring them closer so I can get a good look. Slurp, slurp. 
Oh my... It looks like you’ll be repeating this lesson. 
The only factor in whether or not I like a Pokémon is its strength. 
I’ve always loved my Pokémon. I really thought that was true, but... 
You can’t erase your bad memories. But what you can do is act crazy to fool everybody. 
Certain types of people use sweet talk no matter what you look like. It’s meaningless. 
When people call me a Beauty, they don’t realize how much pressure that puts on me. 
Regrets from the past, worries about the future— forget all that! All that matters is here and now! 
Regrets from the past, worries about the future— forget all that! All that matters is the here and now! 
Someone like me winning something like a battle? City slickers sure are weak these days, ain’t they? 
In this part of the world, do you sic your Pokémon on someone asking a simple question?
Who was I kidding—going on a trip? At home, I just hide inside. By myself... 
I wouldn’t have come if I had known it was going to be this kind of tour! Give me my money back! 
Ditching his new bride like this... He...he can’t possibly be getting cold feet now?! 
By the time I realized what was happening, I was lounging on a hotel bed. I know it’s wrong, but I can’t stop. 
Ahhh... It’s so fun and freeing... I guess I really am best suited to the single life...
If I defeat my opponent, my tour won’t come to an end...
It’s all over now... Nobody can stop them... 
This might be useful for you to learn. Your preconceived notions are more powerful than you think. 
Bah! Is that the best you can do? I expected more from you... 
Ugh! You’re not what I was hoping for! You and your Pokémon have some growing up to do. 
I am right proud of these Pokémon. They’re my friends and my treasures. 
My nurturing methods are perfect! I could beat the Champion with ease, I bet!
You see? My Pokémon are very loyal to me, aren’t they?
The pedigree and upbringing of my Pokémon are totally different than some mutt’s!
Argh! I hate being so sure all of the time! I don’t want to be a Monsieur! 
Argh! Arrgh! 
What my brother told me was right... Thanks, Bro... 
My big brother was right... Watch over me, bro... 
It may be a hard truth for a child to accept, but money does make the world go round.
I used my money to acquire my Pokémon. This is the power of being an adult. 
Dance, blossom, and bloom! This woman flowers in triumph! 
Oh! I’ve got myself a win! ♪ Walk on, down the path of a battling woman! ♪ 
But wait—doesn’t that mean wearing white makes it clear you’ve got something to hide?
Now that the battle’s over, I will again be afflicted by the same old tedium. 
The fact that you are so strong... It means you have too much free time, doesn’t it? 
For reals? Did I, like, win for reals?! Whoa, crazy! Like, I’m too strong! 