Have we met or not? I don’t really remember. Well, I guess it’s nice to meet you anyway! 
All right! Let’s go! 
All right! Here I come! I’ll show you my power! 
Haw haw haw... I’ll show you how hawesome my Pokémon are!
B-b-bonjour, Dresseur! B-battle, s’il vous plaît! 
No need to waste time saying hello. Bring it on whenever you’re ready! 
Don’t let your guard down, or you may be crying when a kid beats you. 
I’ve raised my Pokémon with great care. You’re not allowed to hurt them! 
Let’s have a fun Pokémon battle!
I’ll show you the ropes of how to really use Pokémon! 
A serious battle starts from a serious beginning! Are you sure you’re ready? 
You’re only young once. And you only get one shot at a given battle. Soon, you’ll be nothing but a memory. 
You’d better go easy on me, OK? Though I’ll be seriously fighting! 
School is boring. I’ve got nothing to do. Yawn. I’m only battling to kill the time. 
Um, um, um, you know what? These Pokémon are my friends. 
I’m a beginner, but I’ll do my best! I’ll give it everything I can. Watch me! 
...Heehee. I’m confident in my calculations and analysis. 
I’m gaining as much experience as I can because I want to be a Gym Leader someday. 
We’re about to battle, but that doesn’t mean we can’t be polite! Good luck! 
Hey! This is no laughing matter! We’re about to battle! 
I’ve been studying every single day, so I’m taking a break for a change. 
I’ll give you a battle worthy of a battle-school valedictorian! 
I want to be a Pokémon researcher when I grow up. 
My dad is a Veteran Trainer, so I should have what it takes, too.
Ah... You look strong... I hope I’ll be all right... 
I’m good at the strategy and tactics of battles, but I’m bad at throwing Poké Balls! 
I always get the best grades! I aim to be number one in everything! 
I’m honestly not that good at Pokémon battles... When I think about my future, though, it seems like I have no choice but to battle!
Wha—? You wanna battle with me? I suppose we could arrange something... 
Experience begets power! Isn’t that what they say?! Anyway, won’t you battle me? 
Grumble, grumble... 
There’s a limit to how far I could get studying by myself, so I started taking battle lessons. 
Here I am, a master of the universe, a mover and shaker of the future! 
This is Rough Skin, isn’t it?! Rain Dish, Rain Dish? 
Are you my opponent? You look kind of hungry. 
Huehuehue... If it’s cash you want, I’ve got some. How about you go and lose this battle for me? 
I am a nouveau riche celebrity, so I am stingy with my money! 
I shall present to you elegant moves worthy of the title of Rich Boy! 
My mom chose my Pokémon. I don’t think they’ll lose to you. 
My father, a great man, always said, “The ends justify the means as long as you win!” 
Ahhh, a Trainer who looks gorgeous! I hope your battle is just as beautiful. 
Just because I’m Daddy’s little girl, it doesn’t necessarily mean I’m ladylike! 
What kind of Pokémon do you like? Hey, come on, show me! 
Chosen Trainers will choose chosen Pokémon. 
I’m sorry—I’ve been lying. I’m not really a rich girl. 
There’s a certain etiquette to battles with glamorous, elegant ladies. 
Ahahaha! 
You look so serious and boring... Can you keep me entertained?
Preschooler gonna battle you! Oh yeah! Nice to meet you. 
I may be incompetent, having been born only recently, but I’ll take the liberty of battling you as best I can.
I am a genius Preschooler! I’m already prepping for college. 
Oh! Yer a bad guy, aren’t ya? I’ll stand up to ya! 
I am the hero! I refuse to lose! 
Hey, baby! You’re just what I’ve been looking for! I’m not gonna let you get away! 
I am very strong. I will never lose.
My Pokémon and I are the strongest. We’ll take care of each and every one of you. 
No pouting when you lose, ’cause that’s just lame. 
Um, this is what you call a battle, right? Why do we do stuff like this again? 
Are you gonna pick on me? 
I’m the heroine of justice! You mysterious, evil person! I’ll drive you away! 
Game on, Pokémon! Give it all you’ve got! 
Snicker snicker... 
I am four years old! I will do my best! Trainer, you should do your best, too! 
I know you, Trainer! So you’re the Champion, eh? 
Lalalala... Lalalala... I am a loner...
I’ve spent 20 years trying to find myself... But where am I? 
I am not just an ordinary Backpacker, ’cause I’m also a newlywed, you see! 
How many thousands of years has it been... If only I could lose, my journey would end... 
Hitchhiking around the region without a cent to your name has its own charm. 
Hey, don’t be so stuck up! Battles can be left up to fate! 
It’s no holds barred on this journey! Where’s my adventure?! 
Travels! Encounters! Love and adventure! Well, where will I find a darling to share it? 
The truth is that I’m a time traveler. I just popped by from the future. 
I knew this cheap package tour wouldn’t be any good. 
You know, the prices in this region are really quite something, aren’t they! 
You know, the prices in this region really are low, aren’t they? 
Sometimes I need a little time to rest. I’m gonna take it easy this battle, OK? 
My job is riding on the result of this battle. 
All I want is to work hard, save my money, and live a quiet life. 
I’ve got no time for greetings! Food! Give me food, I say! 
Hey! Welcome! I’ve got some real plump and lively Pokémon right here! 
Welcome! Welcome! Pokémon Trainers, right this way! 
Didn’t you come here for a Pokémon battle? 
Ain’t you dat Champion? Lessee what you got! 
Hiya, honey! Welcome, welcome! Have you decided what you’ll have? 
I have confidence in my Pokémon’s manners. 
Meow, meow, I can haz battle, meow? (Ugh, I really sound like a fool, don’t I?) 
Welcome! 
My love for Pokémon is stronger than anybody else’s. Love can do anything. 
I’m begging for more allowance and saving my money so I can go on a trip around the world someday! 
Oh, do you want to see the Pokémon I am proudest of? 
I can’t let Pokémon I really love battle. 
Here I go! I battle for the honor of the branch office! 
The Pokémon Fan Club is a secret organization into which only a chosen few may enter. 
I lost a lot of things because I love Pokémon too much... 
My husband may not be much to look at, but his love of Pokémon is what drew me to him. 
Listen, I love Pokémon more than life itself! 
Sometimes I drive myself crazy wondering why I wasn’t born a Pokémon. 
I’m not good at battling, but this is one of the duties of a Poké Fan. 
I’m drowning in Pokémon. It might be too late for me. 
My middle-age spread has given me as much gravitas as the mountains I hike! 
I inherited this big-boned body from my parents... I’m like a living mountain range... 
I am no mere Hiker. Call me an alpinist. 
I was born, raised, and live in the mountains. I’m an Ace Hiker, I tells ya. 
I’m bursting with dreams and desires! I’m just a bundle of youthful vigor! 
Muwahaha! The legend of my invincibility begins with you! 
Is it really OK? Do you really think someone like me can be a Trainer?
Wait! Wait! I’m still trying to think up my strategy! 
Anyone can stay young if they keep stars in their eyes and dreams in their hearts! 
I can hear a fairy’s voice... It’s telling me not to slip up with you...
If it’s cute, fluffy Pokémon you want, leave it to me! 
Uhnn... What is this place? It doesn’t have the aroma of a fairy tale at all! 
My dear cuties whisper all kinds of secrets to me... 
...Stay away. 
I won’t be going easy on you just because you’re a kid. Bring it on!
As you can see, I’m a bad guy, and that’s why I fight dirty! 
I may be bad and stupid, but I’m serious about Pokémon. 
Huhuehuehue... No crying when you lose... 
My amazing punk hair is the secret to my power. 
I have a strict policy about my hairstyle. It’s my whole life, so I get really fired up about it. 
What d’you think you’re lookin’ at?! You’ve got some kind of nerve, kid!
I hope the distance between us gets a little closer during this battle.
I’m Callisto, the boss of the Kalos Coalition. It’d be my pleasure to take you on in battle! 
Fair and square? Don’t make me laugh! There’s no point to battles if you don’t win! 
The guy I like is, like, totally bad... I’m gonna be real bad for that cad... 
Br-bring it on! Bearing in mind that I’m a b-beginner! 
Non, non! A dash of defeat is not called for in my recipe book! C’est pas possible! 
Defeat is not a dish on my bill of fare! 
S-so you’ve come to challenge me! Get too close, and I will sauté you!
St-stay away from me! Get too close, and I will julienne you! 
In the land of feasting, I am king! Nay, I am the Emperor of Eating!
Ahh... I’m starving... I’m too weak to even throw a Poké Ball... 
Wanna give me a hand with my training? It’s all for the sake of my future dreams! 
People say I’m a diamond in the rough. Sure you wanna battle with me? 
Talent? Hah! It’s just a convenient excuse lazy Trainers use to explain away their losses. 
First comes practice. Second comes slacking off. Third and fourth come panic and more panic. Fifth comes battle... 
In the words of an ancient warrior, “Conquer the self, and you will conquer the opponent.” 
Th-this is my first real battle... M-my legs feel weak... 
I’m gonna give it my all. It’s only natural! You can only get results by doing battle! 
Just because I’m a Rising Star, don’t expect the freshness of a newcomer. 
Hmph! I’m no servant of yours! 
I slipped past my master to come play here in secret. 
Are your preparations complete? I would like to ask you for a battle.
Very well then, I shall take the liberty of determining whether or not you possess the qualifications befitting a master. 
The master I was serving disappeared one day. Now I am a masterless Butler—a ronin retainer! 
I’ve been searching for a master I can serve for 10 years. I’m a wandering Butler... 
Oh no! I forgot to take off my uniform before I came! 
I started this job because it pays well, but I’ve just about reached my limit! 
You know, I am very popular thanks to this costume of mine. 
When you’re dressed like this and say cute things, you’re pretty popular with lonely guys. 
Welcome, good sir/fair lady. Shall I take your coat for you? 
Are you supposed to be my new overlord? What! Is this really OK?!
I used to be popular, but now I am all washed up. 
My Pokémon will trump yours! You can bet on losing! 
Well, well, you strike impressive poses. If you lose, I hope you’ll model for me. 
My paintbrush is made of secret materials. 
Sensitivity is important for battles, too. You! Start feeling right now! 
You’ve got potential! All right! I’ll make you my apprentice! 
Action painting? That’s, like, so last century. Art today is all about inaction. 
A battle with me is a test of your aesthetic sensibility. 
Inspiration... I need inspiration... Someone, please, inspire me! 
People have started calling me an up-and-coming artist, but it’s not all it’s cracked up to be. 
I dabbled in art like I dabble in Pokémon! Dabbling is what keeps me from the rabble! 
Release it now! Release the passion locked inside you! 
I’ll show you we can break you. We’ve been training in the field! 
It bothers me that people always misunderstand me. I’m a lot more pure than everyone thinks. 
Oh, you look lively! What d’ya say we battle? 
You’d best not send out any weak Pokémon! Your opponent is my partner in construction! 
Pokémon battles after work are the one joy in my life. 
I can’t spend all of my time battling with Pokémon, or I could lose my job! 
Pokémon are popular at work, too. Even us guys enjoy these battles!
There aren’t as many people battling at work these days because they’ve moved on to the Contest Spectacular. 
I’ve trained and trained myself without stopping, so now I’m as fast as the wind! 
What I really want to do is surf. But I can’t swim, so I got these Roller Skates. 
I pledge myself now to the great roller spirits! My love, my hopes, my vow... It’s all for you! 
People call me the “electrastic” Trainer! Think you can keep up with me? 
Who was it?! Who’s the bad-mouther who said that I’m just barely skating by, huh?! 
I’m only good on Roller Skates. I can’t skateboard or snowboard at all. 
I’ve skated all the way here today! Over fields, mountains, and valleys! 
Lots of the metal fixtures on my skates broke, and I’ve been stuck wearing them for close to four years now. 
Halt, fool! I am the guardian of this castle’s gardens! A ninja of nature!
Hey! If you’re not considerate to your elders, you’ll be pulled out by the roots! 
Stop! I’m going to have to ask you not to move. Just sit back and see what I do with my shears! 
Hey there! I’m a Gardener! My scissors are my only real friends.
If you don’t have great Pokémon, you’ll never have a great battle. 
If all you have is passable ingredients, you can’t do better than passable battles. 
My last ever battle... That’s the way I’d like us to view this match...
Adults don’t say what they’re really thinking, OK? You have to read between the lines to find the truth.
My disciples cover the world! I am the owningest of Owners! 
There are no Trainers who know my techniques but can’t cook!
Having carte blanche only leads to disaster. No, I was never well suited to be an Owner. 
Even as old as I am, I just can’t give up Pokémon battles. 
Adults have learned a lot of things kids don’t get. Like what is right...and what is fair... 
Isn’t that nice... You’re still a kid... I wish I could go back... 
I’ve recently remade my life completely! I’ve been reborn as a Beauty at last! 
I’ve always wanted to be a Beauty, so I’ve made a fresh start, focusing on my appearance. 
It’s only the first day of my honeymoon trip...and I’m already missing home. 
My trip starts here! I’ll beat you and get a ticket! 
Are you lost here? Are you lost here? Brother John, Brother John.
What’s that? I look bored? That’s because this is a company trip.
It’s my honeymoon! I’m on my honeymoon! I’m definitely not a crazy lady traveling alone! 
Traveling alone... Isn’t it great to be so free... 
Hoard your money, then spend it all shopping! We’re making the economy move here, people! 
Traveling is fun, but thinking about what souvenirs to buy is a hassle.
A true Monsieur should have a liking for battles. 
A true Gentleman’s heart never wavers in battle. 
I will evaluate your ability. 
I’d like to have a pleasant battle! Provide me with that service! 
You can learn much from a mature woman, such as wisdom, grace, and good manners. 
Don’t be nervous—leave it to me. If it’s technique we’re talking about, I’m confident. 
Ah-roo! Let us have an elegant and unique battle. 
For the sake of your future, think about how you interact with your elders. 
Obedient Pokémon, selfish Pokémon... Pokémon have unique characteristics. 
Even though my upbringing and behavior are poor, I’ve raised my Pokémon well. 
Hmm, do you discipline your Pokémon? Pampering them too much is no good. 
You get as much love as you give when you’re dealing with Pokémon... 
Pokémon never betray you. They return all the love you give them.
Unlike humans, Pokémon never betray you. That’s why I decided to love them. 
Shall I give you a tip for training good Pokémon? 
There’s a lot that goes into being a Pokémon Breeder. 
Glad you made it! It won’t be an easy job from here. 
The battles continue forever! Welcome to the world with no end! 
Both my mom and my dad are Ace Trainers. I’m probably an Ace, too! 
Victory will never come to those who aren’t prepared to face defeat. 
I don’t mind your lack of focus, but you will get no sympathy from me if you lose. 
Miniskirts are, like, unbelievable, right? 
Father... Mother... Watch over my battle... 
Close my eyes... Sharpen my senses... I have to trust my instincts... 
I came here to goof off. I don’t want to cram for the big test...
In order to become a first-class Trainer, I was forced to come study abroad here.
I just want to be successful and grow rich someday. 
My dream is to be rich and live in the lap of luxury. 
I don’t care who you are or where you come from. 
My Pokémon and I will take the liberty of using you to face off against. 
Pokémon battles and study sessions are much the same. Let’s be efficient! 
If you slacked off on your studies, you’ve got no chance. Capable girls like me are capable. 
I have more money than I know what to do with. There’s nothing I really want. 
I’ve already got most of the Pokémon and more money than I know what to do with.
Yes! I’m a Rich Boy! 
Hey, hey! I’m a Rich Boy! Bow to your patron! 
I just battle for fun, but I’ll do my best. 
My family thinks battles are beneath me, but I can’t help but enjoy them. 
Yesterday was a party. Today is a battle. I’m rich—I always have fun! 
I was born rich and I party all the time. I’m what you call party people. 
Go, my precious Pokémon! To battle! Rush the enemy! 
My dad catches Pokémon for me. I don’t know how strong they are, though. 
I came here for my big brother who always hides in his room.
My big brother who never comes out of his room told me to come check this place out for him. 
Hello, me old china, time for the rhyma! 
Ma! Pa! Watch me! I’ll do my best! 
All Mom and Dad do is mumble at their computers! It’s no fun! 
All Mom and Dad do is fiddle with their tablets! They never play with me! I’m bored! 
A globe-trotting young adventurer. That’s me! 
I may be getting on in years, but I’m a self-proclaimed globe-trotting adventurer!
Let’s take it easy with Pokémon and with life. 
I’m collecting Poké Balls from all over the world. As long as you’re here, let me show you!
Eww, don’t tell me this is one of THOSE regions. You expect me to tip the plebs? 
I want to go home already... I’ve had enough of traveling...
Every time I travel, I find myself thinking the same thing. Do you know what it is?
What I look forward to when I travel is catching Pokémon at my destination. 
I’ll always work part-time, ’cause it lets me focus on what I really love. 
Thanks to my Pokémon, I spend every day totally addicted to my part-time job.
I took this job because I wanted to see smiles on people’s faces. 
After I finish working at my part-time job, Pokémon battles soak gradually into my tired body. 
Let’s start the battle! Time’s a-wasting! 
All right, I’m going to start the timer, so let’s get this over with before it goes off! 
I’m battling here to promote the café that I’m working at. 
My part-time job is so fun that I don’t feel like going to school anymore. 
Join the Pokémon Fan Club! Your life will be happy! 
Your opponent will be me, the Pokémon Fan Club’s greatest battler! 
I am not a regular Poké Fan. I am a major mega-Poké Fan!
...Shall we begin? Let’s see just how much of a fan you are... 
I think I am a Poké Fan, therefore I am a Poké Fan. 
Do you intend to challenge me, a director of the Pokémon Fan Club? 
There are young and beautiful people, but youth is different from beauty. 
Well, I’ve got nothing but time on my hands. You don’t look busy. Keep me company!
Ho there! You are a mountain standing in my way, aren’t ya?
It’s not like I’m calling to the mountains. It’s the mountains that are calling to me! 
Hi! Sorry to keep you waiting! I’m a Hiker with a cult following! 
Hi there! I’m a Hiker! ♪ Watch your step! 
Even if it’s tough, even if it’s painful, I’mma do it! I’m a Trainer, dagnabbit! 
How should I hold my arm when I throw a Poké Ball? Is it like this? Or maybe like this?
Just because they’re both decided by who wins and who loses, don’t liken a battle to a game! 
A younger friend of mine just became an Ace Trainer...
My wovely widdle Pokémon are gonna take you apart, mmkay? 
Talking...is not...my thing. Let’s just battle. 
Like a fragment of a forgotten dream, a mysterious Pokémon beckons to you... 
My Fairy says to take you out!
Everyone should just disappear! I don’t need anyone but Pokémon! 
If there are still dreams in your heart, then I am still a Fairy Tale Girl. 
You have your way. And I have my way. 
Hey! Who you starin’ at! You want to scrap? Keep it up and you’ll have one. 
Hey, you! Don’t mess with me, or I will destroy your Pokémon!
I know your face. You think you can battle like that? 
My dad and mom are both Veterans, but I am a loser... 
In accordance with the rules of unsportsmanship, my pledge is to play dirty and battle unfairly! 
Y’know, the truth is I really wanna be a normal girl and be all lovey-dovey with a normal boyfriend... 
I chose the path of the Punk Girl. Not being popular is getting to me, though... 
Man, the bad things I used to get up to... I’ve done a little of this and whole lotta that. 
I’ve never done anything wrong in my whole life. Why do you judge me based on my looks? 
You wanna fight me? You do know I come from a long line of punks, right? You’ve got guts, at least. 
Hmmph... What’s so great about Trainers? You don’t battle yourself, but you sure do talk big. 
I’m warning you now—if you lose to me, you’ll be smelling the rank scent of defeat! 
You want to battle with mois? You’re gonna be rust in my frying pan! 
I, the great Dariole, fear nothing under the sky! 
As a result of throwing Poké Balls, we are well trained in how to handle pans. 
“Une apple a day keeps ze doctor away.” Are you familiahr with zis saying? 
“Zere eez no accounting for taste.” Zis saying—do you know eet? 
Y-you... How can this be... It is like seeing my former master alive in the flesh again! 
I just got into a fight with my boss. He made me mad, so now I’m slackin’ off! 
The International Butlering Competition is drawing near, so allow me to practice my skills on you! 
I’m tired of serving my boss. You there! Serve me now!
Always workin’ me to the bone, like I ain’t even worth their time of day or nuttin’! 
Despite my appearance, I was an Ace Trainer until recently.
Talk is unnecessary... I will just break you... 
Oof... My body is weary from doing so much housework, so I’m looking forward to this.
I have very low self-esteem, so I like having someone else give me orders. 
Being a Maid is just a part-time gig. I’m really a Battle Girl! 
This isn’t a uniform—it’s just what I like to wear. I made it myself. 
This isn’t some kind of cosplay! This is just my style.
I’m not cut out for a regular job, so I make my living on art.
I say it’s art, but really I just want to make easy money.
Every time a Pokémon uses a move, my heart trembles! 
Aha, your confidence shows. You must have good Pokémon. 
I will make you cry, ’cause you just don’t know when to quit.
My 88 years of living have led me to this conclusion: Victory shall be my only art! 
(This kid looks like a real sucker. All right!) Ohhhh, poor me! No one understands my art... 
I come here when I’m low in inspiration, hoping to find ideas for new creations. 
The battle between us two... Within and of itself, that is art.
Before we waste our time on idle chat, please show me your skills. 
I collect the random scribbles of Pokémon, then sell ’em as “art.” I’m makin’ a fortune over here! 
I like how you look. I could paint your portrait. 
The job site can be quite dangerous, but I have to keep working with my Pokémon. 
Well, I’m going to do things my way, so feel free to battle however you like. 
Welcome, welcome! Step right up! Step right up and battle a spell! 
I’m what you call a professional punching bag. I work here to earn a living.
I do menial work every single day. Am I just a cog in the machine? 
I’m happy that I’m able to work here. This is truly the job that I was born to do. 
Yo, kid! Are you new? I’m the Worker that everybody’s always talking about. 
You’re acting pretty brave for a half-pint! You may have bitten off more than you can chew!
There are no such things as brakes on MY skates! 
My parents said they’re too dangerous, so I made my own Roller Skates. 
I started skating because I’d heard that girls liked guys who skate. It’s not working at all. 
Honestly, these are inconvenient and hard to walk in. Roller Skates are not suited for getting around. 
No matter how speedy the Pokémon is, I’ll catch it on my super-speedy skates! 
I’m being marketed as an idol who can sing, dance, and skate, but it’s just no good.
Five seconds. You got that? I’m gonna wipe the floor with you in five seconds. 
My strategy is to deceive my opponents with my speed.
C’mon, pal. I’m just a newbie over here. You’re gonna take it easy on me, right? 
I just finished my introductory training. Please battle me!
Ngh! Nosebleed! When I get too excited, my blood pressure goes through the roof! 
My Pokémon and I are fully prepared! Bring it on, Trainer!
You’re a rather delicate-looking little thing, hmm? Sure you’re up for a battle? 
Wow...wow... Am I wrong, or are you the Champion? 
Hey! You! Yeah, you! Let’s work up a good sweat together, right? 
I may still be wet behind the ears, but I aim to be a Veteran someday! 
I didn’t choose to be born a woman, OK? I didn’t choose to grow up and be beautiful! 
I intend to continue calling myself a Beauty for as long as I can. 
Breathe deeply of my perfume before you go. Get a whiff of a real Beauty’s aroma! 
My friends and I are part of an event where we try to escape from here! 
The endless process of entropy... That is where nature’s true beauty lies. 
I’m a Gardener, but I’m good at Pokémon battles, too. 
Ooh la la! Little Trainer! Graceful blossom! I’m going to snippety-snip you right at the stem! 
The weather’s too awful for me to work! I’m just amusing myself here. 
Watch out! You’re on the menu next! 
The secret ingredient in my cooking will be your tears!
Ready for the big game? Got your cap on straight? 
Hey there, Trainer! Do you think I’m a grown-up? 
Grip and rip, baby! I’m going to capture every moment of this trip for posterity! 
Grip and rip, baby! I’m going to keep shooting even if I use up all my film! 
Three-star restaurants? Shopping? Sightseeing? It’s all so...so ANNOYING! I’m about to lose it! 
I was a fool to think that I would find sweet romance at my destination. 
Farewell, hearth and home and all I know! I shall become a Tourist! 
They say that battling local Trainers is part of what makes traveling memorable. 
An airplane that soars across the sky, leaving trails of jet stream behind it... That is how I fly! 
I put up with a long, long, long, long, long, long, long flight to get here... 
I can’t tell my new husband now, of course, but the truth is that I used to be a Punk Girl!
My husband has no idea, but a long time ago, I used to be a Punk Girl! 
I’m going to battle you with the Pokémon that my darling gave me as a symbol of our love! 
Woo-hoo! I’m looking forward to this! I’ve always dreamed of battling here! 
I have raised these very special Pokémon using a special method. 
The secret to my Pokémon’s strength is their specially blended food. 
Shall I share an exclusive tip for training great Pokémon?
How much time do you spend raising each Pokémon? 
Pokémon are my family! See the solidarity of my family! 
When you’re tired of training Pokémon, it’s time to battle! That’s the trick to working as a Breeder! 
What you like doing and what you’re good at doing aren’t always the same. 
I’ve become so absorbed in Pokémon battles that I’ve started to worry about myself.
Let me be brief. You cannot win against me. 
Maintaining one’s composure no matter the situation is what being a Trainer is all about.
Don’t underestimate me because I am old. I’ll show you my rejuvenating attack! 
My treasured Pokémon and I have been together for a long time. No need to go easy on us. 
I would like to retire soon...but I have no one to carry on the family business... 
My husband passed before me, so I’m finally free to live the life I want! 
I feel sad whenever I see a bright, young child like you. 
I don’t care for children. They’re noisy and selfish.
Don’t you think it’s a bit too much? This kimono? But, well, I can only pull it off while I’m still young. 
The only people who can pull off furisode are flashy girls and old ladies, right? 
The story has it that this precious kimono was passed down within my family for generations... 
If you’re wondering why I’m dressed like this, isn’t it obvious it’s for my part-time job? 
Hey! It’s me. It’s me! The Owner of the world! 
Hey! It’s me. It’s me! The Owner of the world! 
Watch out! I’m always ripped and raring to go! Show me a Pokémon that’s beyond the beyond! 
My Pokémon are all extremely rare ones that I acquired on the black market. 
My research will lead this world to peace and joy. 
My research was supposed to lead the world to peace...
Only my research is left in my life. I abandoned my family and friends. 
In my pursuit of success, I became lonely beyond all imagining... 
Mwahahahaha... Please lend me a hand for my experiment.
I want to experiment! Experiment, I say! My hands are shaking because I want to experiment so badly! 
You must face off against my super-powered-up Pokémon!
If you follow a fixed set of rules, you can get a definite result. 
If you lose, I’ll have you help me with my latest experiment!
You don’t want to hear about Pokémon from people who know nothing about Pokémon, do you? 
Why do people compete and fight? This is the subject of my research. 
I’ve researched on top of research... At last I have derived the answer... 
Hi! Focus! 
Look into my eyes. That’s it. Breathe deeply as I count one, two, three... 
Speech can be utter nonsense. Pretty words only taint battles... 
I let it slip that I’m a greenhorn right before the battle. 
Heh-heh-heh. If you lose, I’ll turn you into a Pokémon. 
I shall make a prophecy... This battle... You will emerge victorious... 
I normally only ever listen to classical music, but if I lose, I think I shall try a bit of new age! 
I grow stronger with each tear I cry. 
Heheh... I see it all clearly... You are a doctor from an evil planet, aren’t you? 
Heh... Welcome back... I haven’t forgotten your face...
You certainly look pleased with yourself. Just being near you makes me gloomy. 
Kind people are really scary... Why do they have to come so close to me? 
I praise your courage in challenging me! For I am the one with the strongest kick! 
Oh, I see. Would you like to be cut to pieces? Or do you prefer the role of punching bag? 
’Sup! I’ll give it all I’ve got! Let’s do our best!! 
The sweat that drips before a battle... Don’t you love how cool it is? 
Yo! Yo! 
You don’t have to try to impress me. You can lose against me. 
The adrenaline is pumping in my team! Me, too! I’ll make this an awesome battle! 
Are you ready? I’m taking my gloves off. 
“Go easy on me” is not in my vocabulary. 
I sure would like to do the fighting instead of my Pokémon, if I could. 
Let’s have a fun battle! No hard feelings, no matter if we win or lose! ♪ 
Halt at once! You there! Let us cross lances! 
Pokémon battle is not a sport or a hobby. Get out of here if all you want is to play! 
When I am surrounded by nature, most other things cease to matter. 
When I’m living without nature in my life, sometimes I’ll suddenly feel an anxiety attack coming on. 
Despite my appearance, I was born a city boy. I yearned for country life. 
Despite my appearance, I was born a country boy. So I yearned for city life. 
It’s my mission to protect nature and all the Pokémon living there! 
I’m a nature person, so I was born to be a Ranger! 
We need a lot of money to protect Mother Nature and her Pokémon. 
I’m prepared to protect nature by any means necessary!
Let me stop your winning streak here. 
You look kind of feeble. How about I put you through the wringer? 
You seem quite confident. I’ll sink you straightaway. 
Your Pokémon... Show them to me... 
I’m working very hard, but that doesn’t mean that I’m strong.
To challenge me you must be a reckless, fearless person who doesn’t know his/her place! 
I started battling just to be cool, but I became an Ace before I knew it. 
Even if people call you an Ace Trainer, it’s not like you get anything special for it. 
The main character of this story... I’ll tell you who it is! 
Because I’m an Ace Trainer, people think I’m a strong woman. 
We would like to hold a Pokémon battle against the strongest foe. 
There’s nothing to do but battle... For us... 
A person who wants to fight, fight, and fight forever. That’s the way of the Ace. 
Are you aware of what it takes to be an Ace Trainer? 
I can see the despair in your eyes. Bring it on! 
Huh? Huh? A battle? Time to go all out! 
Hey, you, young Trainer. I’m utterly stylish, aren’t I? 
Hey now, you’re pretty much in a daze... Of course, I am pretty hunky... 
I won’t lose against a kid like you who doesn’t know anything about battles. 
All right then, throw your Poké Ball! I’ll catch it right away!
Ugh. Cough, cough! I don’t feel so well. Please show a little kindness... 
I’m, umm, teaching my daughter, umm, about Pokémon. I have to, umm, show her her dad’s, umm, dignity. 
Come. I will give you a taste of a Veteran’s well-trained Pokémon. 
Before I knew it, I was being treated like a senior citizen. Time goes by too quickly...
Oh, you are so cute! Come, I promise to be nice this battle.
Oh... Trainer... Isn’t it time...for a battle? 
Oh? Aren’t you a child? Who said you could come here? 
Adults are pretty unfair, but that’s what makes it fun. 
Don’t you call me a Veteran! A woman is always young at heart! 
Maybe it’s because they respect me, but everyone calls me a Veteran. 
I am the strongest Backpacker. I have lots of Pokémon in my Bag. 
Saying I’m a free spirit sounds good, but really I’m just an unemployed homeless guy!
I’m not traveling in search of freedom. 
The clear blue water at the beach! All the bikinis! That’s the kind of place I was hoping to get to! 
Oh bother! It’s just SUCH a hassle the way that I am always winning with my Pokémon! 
I don’t think you can say you’ve been on a trip unless you’ve interacted with the locals. 
They say that the rich don’t have to fight for anything, but I LOVE a good battle! 
Shall we go together? To the other side of Pokémon battles... 
Hey! Hey! Please check out my cute Pokémon! 
If my theory is correct, you’ll lose with the Pokémon you’re about to send out. 
Being a Garçon is my disguise, and it helps me live a quiet life. 
I’m going to save up my allowance, and then someday I’ll take a trip around the world.
My Pokémon are the strongest. I don’t think I will lose to you. 
If you’re willing to battle with me, you must have something pretty good, right? 
Don’t you think a restaurant for Pokémon is a fun idea? 
I work at a restaurant where people come on dates a lot, so it’s really stressful. 
Harrumph! Harooo! 
Time for a battle haiku! This is really good. My opponent is a kid. I will win for sure. 
I am the great mountain range of your life! Overcome me if you can! 
If you want to reach the peak as a Trainer, you’ll have to climb over me! 
I’m gonna give you an experience so sweet that your eyes are gonna spin! 
It’s merely a Pokémon battle, right? Why so serious? 
The pretty-suited Pokémon soldier who sprinkles love on the world appears! 
I don’t believe in things like good luck charms, but times like these make me want to pray! 
Scary places are the best to me. I’d love to live in a cemetery... 
I was born in a graveyard and raised in a cemetery. Leave all your curses and grudges to me! 
I may look like this now, but I was once a Beauty, too, you know! 
I get stronger by dwelling on the past. That’s the way I’ve lived my life, after all. 
I can really cut loose in Pokémon battles without getting scolded. 
Awful! That was an awful performance! I refuse to accept a battle ending like this!
My ’net friends said I wouldn’t be taken lightly with this look.
Hey, kid! Are you scared of me? If you’re scared, say you’re scared. 
Sorry, pal. Nothing personal, but I’m abouts to go all kinds of crazy on your Pokémon! 
I may be bad, but I got nothin’ but love for my Pokémon.
Yo. You ready to start this already? I ain’t long in the way of patience. 
My parents are, like, stupidly obsessed with me, so I’ve grown up to be magnificently stupid. 
I’m about to serve you up a slice of battle so exquisite you’ll think I’m the cream of the crop! 
I’ve been thinking about opening up a traditional restaurant around here someday. 
Slobber... Oooh, a tasty-looking Trainer and Pokémon have wandered my way... 
I may be a Chef, but I have no interest in my own dishes.
I used to get two minutes of sleep per day. Being a Butler was one hard job. 
I am a Butler no more! I’m now just another unemployed old geezer! 
I’m tired of doing nothing but serving... So I think it’s time for you to serve me! 
Working as a Butler is so fun. Even more so if you like gossip! 
If you lose, you can be my servant. 
My employer is watching our battle! Would you please be so kind as to lose to me? 
Ahhhh... So strange. I feel very, very tired. 
I may be a Maid, but that doesn’t mean that I can serve just anybody. 
A child like you cannot understand the kind of beauty that I am pursuing. 
To live life without a moment’s pause! Let’s enjoy the moment to the full! 
I paint pictures and live with Pokémon. I’m enjoying my life!
Grabbing a Poké Ball for a battle you know you can’t win is called being a Trainer. 
All right, then. I’ll watch you. Let your passions run wild! 
If you describe it as art, you can fool people into spending money on some little brat’s scribbles. 
Heehee! If you wanna see some of my art, it’s displayed all over the city! 
Just walking around town irritates me. It’s nothing but ugly buildings and low-class billboards. 
If you work diligently, you will get results. 
Thanks for coming all this way! I’m sorry I don’t have much to offer, but do make yourself comfortable. 
I’ve arrived from a distant island. May I please trouble you for a battle? 
I battled too much, threw too many Poké Balls, and blew my shoulder out. 
I am so obsessed with Pokémon, my wife is fit to burst with anger! 
My old lady done left me... I reckon it’s all my fault... 
Our lives have plenty of ordinary days...so I gotta have Pokémon! 
It’s no fun if you’re not ready to treat it like you’re playing instead of battling. 
The thrill and adrenaline has me racing! You look like you’re almost standing still! 
I may not get a runner’s high, but I get a Roller Skater’s rush, so I’m always all smiles!
I won’t get mad if you beat me. It’s just a game, after all! 
The problem is knowing whether to put your full force into the starting dash or the last spurt of effort. 
You have to cut down on resistance if you want to go as fast as you can! 
I’m really cheap by nature, so I’m not cut out to be a Roller Skater. 
I’m the infamous “Cannon Girl” that all the town is raging about! I’ll blast right into your heart! 
I’m gonna dive right into your heart! If you don’t catch me, I won’t forgive you! 
Lemme tell you, I’m mighty strong. Don’t come whining to me after I warned you. 
You had better learn that not everybody gets to be the star of the show. 
Do not mistake the means for the goal. That is what my master once taught me. 
Hnnph... You’re just some brat... What do you think I am?! 
Oooh! I’ve spotted some handy prey! The hunt is about to begin... Game on! 
This is battle paradise. Only the strong survive here...
My Pokémon are my pride and joy, so take your time and enjoy this battle with them. 
My life hasn’t been a bed of roses— not exactly overflowing with opportunities.
“Harsh” and “bitter” are flavors in any good Chef’s repertoire! Would you like a taste? 
As long as it tastes good, that’s enough. Don’t sweat the details. 
I’m going to tell you something valuable: never expect much from a famous food! 
I’m in the middle of eating, but would you be so kind as to let me have a look at your Pokémon? Slurp, slurp... 
All right then. Let’s all be good little children and start our Pokémon lesson, shall we? 
I do not accept any Pokémon that I do not like. 
Hey... Can I ask you a question? When did you start loving your Pokémon? 
I’m begging you for a distraction. Show me so much strength that I feel like I must be going crazy. 
Being called a Beauty doesn’t excite me at all. It just seems like cheap flattery. 
I’m sick and tired of being called a Beauty. 
Come on, let’s get on with it already! No need to worry about particulars! 
Come on, let’s get on with it already! I can’t stand it when it’s not popping! 
D’ya, uh, know where my little lady is? Seems like she’s gone up and missing... 
Pardon me, but may I ask to use your facilities? 
Don’t these kind of guided tours make you feel like you’re really not used to traveling? 
What? This isn’t a battle appreciation tour, but a battle participation tour?! 
Ahhh! Blast! Where’d that useless husband of mine get off to now?! 
This was supposed to be a one-night stop. But before I knew it, we started staying in one place after the next. 
Woo-hoo! My husband got food poisoning, so now I get to do whatever I want to do! 
My trip isn’t over yet! I’ll keep on traveling! 
I have made them too strong. They are beyond my control...
If you believe you can win, you should be able to. If you think you’ll lose, you probably will.
I will test the Pokémon you have been training. 
I smell a person of exceptional courage. Ho! I’m looking forward to this! 
Take a look at these Pokémon—I raised ’em myself. They make me right proud. 
I have a special method that I use to nurture my Pokémon.
I am the top Breeder. I can tame any kind of Pokémon. 
As a top Breeder, I’ll be using Pokémon with a certified pedigree. 
Monsieur? What’s there to be so sure about?! I’m sure I’ll bring you down, that’s for sure!
You can’t win just by pretending to be a Trainer! Have a look at my true self!
My brother told me once... “Eyes! Aim for the eyes!” 
“Eyes! Aim for the eyes!” Those were my big brother’s last words... 
I can’t drop my luxurious lifestyle just because I’m older. Nothing can stop it. 
In the end, this world is all about money. Even these Pokémon... 
I am a late bloomer and a crazy bloomer. I’ll bloom and dazzle you! 
Ah! Flowers and storms will be overcome! ♪ As I travel down the path of a battling woman! ♪
In my country, we say that white can hide all manner of sins. Isn’t it great? 
Throwing Poké Balls to while away your tedious hours can make you stronger. 
I had no plans for the weekend, so I ended up wandering here before I knew what I was about. 
For reals? Like, a battle for reals? Whoa, crazy! Like, too crazy! 